The big sister cavalry won't reply to me
My grandfather is coming soon, you can't take this car anymore
No, if you don't go
Including your grandfather
No one can be reincarnated
No electric ride
When I get in the car, you will become the emperor of Bai Hui Ji
Your grandfather, you will continue to maintain the world
You have to.
All my relatives have left
I can't live without you anymore
Can you not go for me?
I was born a ghost
Carrying its spirit bone
To get rid of evil sin
The mission of the world
Geng Chen's Life
If this time I am taken by evil
You can still sell 100 thousand
To meet my grandfather
If it is possible
Give him a chance to reincarnate
Your grandfather was also a university professor
victimized
You went astray.
The purpose of me and Master Liu
Just to get rid of his strength
Send him a red envelope to pack reincarnation
No more suffering
One last request.
I'm going with you.
What? Your family's in danger?